
# EVE

The 'EVE' chain is Adam BC's global network identities generator.

The Global computing network identities is generated by running a blockchain called the "EVE" chain. Each new block of the 'EVE' chain has a unique identity which will become a new Global Network Identity (GNI) for one peer computing network.

All peer computing groups must have a unique identity called the GNI. This GNI will help identify the network on Adam BC's global computing network.

## Chain Parameters:

> Eve chain's block usernames must be unique.

> At difficulty '5', 15 minutes must elapse before mining next block.

> Increasing difficulty with increasing length of chain (1,2,3,4,5). 

> Current blockchain's hash must equal next block's previous hash.

> Password should be encrypted with Bcrypt.


## Adam BC Global Network Computing Architecture (ADAM BC's SECRET SAUCE):

Data Flow in the Network: Data flow in the Adam BC global peer computing network.

> Only peer computers can directly communicate with the Adam BC global computing network.

> Peer computing administrators fetch the configuration settings for their peer computing network from the Adam BC global computing network.

> The peer computing nodes (members) in turn fetch their configurations from the peer computing administrators. The peer nodes compute the data, then return it back to the peer administrators. 

> The peer administrators then combine the results and return them back to the Adam BC global computing network.


## Global Network ID (GNI):

> Before participating in the Adam BC global computing network, a peer computing network must have a verified global Computing network ID, generated by Adam BC.

> Global Network Identity (GNI) is the unique identifier of a peer computing network on the Adam BC global computing network, its unique username on the global network.

> The Global Network Identity (GNI) is given FREE to any peer computing administrators trying to join the network. 

> Adam BC runs and creates a blockchain called the "EVE' chain which represents the global computing network identities. The Global computing network identities is generated by running a blockchain called the "EVE" chain. Each new block of the 'EVE' chain has a unique identity which will become a new Global Network Identity (GNI) for one peer computing network.

> The peer computing network's Global Network Identity (GNI) is then combined with a peer member's unique Identity (a UUID number) to get the Global Network User-node (GNIU).

> The Global Network Identity User-node (GNIU) is the unique username representing an individual user's peer node on the Adam BC Global Computing Network. Both the GNI and the GNIU are included in the return data of a peer node's data computations.

> A peer computing network must have a minimum of 25 unique and active members to participate in an Adam BC global computing network session.

> When running in global network mode, the DApp developer of the app must download the 'EVE' chain onto their PC, so that every peer network's identity can be verified as part of the "EVE" chain before their results are saved.


## The Global Network ID Analogy: 

Consider "EVE" to be a blockchain of Alphabets, A,B,C..etc, representing the global computing network Identities. The first block of the "EVE" chain has an identity "A". Therefore "A" will become the unique identity (GNI) of the first peer computing network to join the global Adam BC computing network. Also, each member of the "A" peer computing network will have a unique identity which will start with the letter "A", followed by some other unique identifier of the member node. All members of the "A" peer group (up to 500 members) will start with letter "A". The same criteria is used for Bs, Cs, Ds, etc. In other words, all peer computing networks get their unique identities (GNI) from the "EVE" chain, all peer nodes of the peer computing network get their global network identities (GNIU) by combining the peer computing network's unique identity with the node's own unique identity. The Global computing network identities is generated by running a blockchain called the "EVE" chain.


## The Global Network Economy: 

> The global computing network identities are generated by running a blockchain called the "EVE" chain. 

> Peer computing network administrators borrow GNIs from the "EVE" blockchain for free and add it to their peer computing network. One GNI per peer computing network. 

> Using the GNI for general peer computing is free of charge, but during an Adam BC Global Network computing process, when a correct answer is found, the split fee is 20% for Global Network ID owner (the miner who actually generated the block in the "EVE" chain), 10% for the peer computing network owner, 10% for the DApp Developer, and 60% for the node owner (the one who computed the actual result).


